Who dares to bully my daughter get out
This teacher
My daughter was being bullied
If your school doesn't handle it well
I'll put your whole school on the hook
Not Ye Yeying's father
Ouch, isn't this our Mr. Song?
Ye Tianchao
Is this the good daughter you taught?
Bullying others at school and engaging in campus occupation
Now you still dare to fight
School bullying
Song Yang you fuck
Which eye saw my daughter bullying others?
Song Yiba, I understand how you feel.
But it's not clear yet.
Can't jump to conclusions so early
It's Ye Ying who bullies people
Wang Bao has autism
Ye Ying brought people to bully them
Even let Wang Bao in that crotch
Wang Bao beat people if he didn't want to
The more idle you are, the more you dare to talk nonsense
I ripped your mouth off
Ye Shao is here, you still dare to talk nonsense
It's Ye Shao
Are you going to stand up for us?
Xiaoyuer, continue to speak
Dad is here
Don't be afraid, I can't watch it, so I stopped it.
And they tried to snort along with me.
But never hit me
I will be brave
Mr. Li
You don't know such important information
This this
Do adults get involved in children's fights?